Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

Each candidate can follow a very different number of people and that can be 
determinant in the result. For example, Jill Stein and Gary Johnson could follow
hundreds or thousands of people more than Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.

It could be a good idea to show how many friends have each of them in order to
have a better interpretation of the results.



2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

The user is The White House so I think both follow that user to be informed
of it is happening at the moment since The White House tweets relevant
information about the President, the country, bills, laws, hurricanes, …



3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

The first thing that comes to my head is that the more people you follow the more
interested you seem to be in what happens to that people. On the other hand
it could be that they only consider it as tool to transmit something and they are
not really interested in what somebody else tweets like it could be Trump’s case.

Regarding our analysis it is better that people follows a lot of people
so we can get as much information as possible like we do with Gary Johnson.
Furthermore the fact that one or several of the twitter users we study follows
only a few people can distort the results and the conclusions obtained from them.



4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

We know Donald Trump has 45 friends so we would have to make 45 calls to get
Donald Trump’s friends plus 45 multiplied by those Donald Trump’s friends’ friends
plus the first call to get Trump’s information as well.
Assuming a twitter user has about 200 (estimate as a mean) friends the number of necessary requests would be
1+45+45*200=9046. As we only can make 180 request every 15 minutes we would need
9046/180=96 periods of 15 minutes making a total of 796 minutes which means 58.5 hours.






